My name is deepak Varshney. I am a final yesr student pursuing btech from upes specilizaing in CCVT.
i am an energetic person and a fast learner.
I have been also awaraded an academic scholarship in my academic year 2020-2021
I have worked on various projects related to software domain which privided me a great technical exposure along with the imoortance of working in a team
apart from all this i love listening music and explore new areas near me.


why do you want to work with our company?
I fell that my skill set and my experience are fit for this role and i could visualize myself in this role as it is alogned with my career asporations,skills and experiece.
i would take pride in working under the great leadership of this company and i found this place to be perfect fit for utilizing my expertise along with the promisiing aspect of personal growth.



About the company?
we provide a complete tech stack to power local E-commerce.
we have products like
yelo - it is platform which provide a seamless	 online ordering experivce for local e commerce
tookan - it is a delivey management solution to enahce the operational efficiency
hippo - it is a customer engagement and feedback solutoion to boost customer experience.
panther - it is a virtuala consultancy solution like teachers, doctors
and many more 


Strength and weakness.
I think on of my greatest strength is that i am a great team player and a team leader as well.
i am a quick learner and good at time management.
and My weakness are that i am very strict to the deadlines this can lead to an extra stress in my life but my commitments to deadlines shows my reliabilty and dedication to complete my tasks on time. i have been working on this as i break my tasks into smaller task and complete them on time so that there is no rush or any hurry meeting the deadlines.
secondly i would say that i have a fear of public speaking, but whule it's a weakness it has pushed me to seek out opportunities of personal growth and development.


why shoud we hire you ?
 i have teamwork, leadership skills and I’ve been able to work under pressure. Being the SPR of my batch I’ve to make sure that there’s no miscommunication or mishaps during any student’s placement process whereas ensuring and maintaining my academics as well.
and looking at the jd and my experience i believe that i am very must suitaable for this role.


what culture do you expect
i think than an ideal work environment is one that revolves around a team where focus is on the learnings, working and growing together.
it is where skills and capabilites of all the team members are being leveraged to grow.
i believe that i can work better in an encouraging environment.


3 words which describes you 
I would describe myself as Reliable, adaptive and a team player 
reliable - as i am commited to meeting deadlines and completing my task consistently,anyone can rely on me 
adaptive - i am also higly adaptive, i enjou learnign new things and i think adaptivilut is ctucial in this evolving workd
team player - i enjoy working in a team, collaborating with others and this also helps to over come my weakness of public speaking 


Adaptive 
this word shows my capacity  to learn quicky, meet deadlines, work well in a team and over my fear of public speaking
also i can smoothjly transition from on thing to another, making me adaptive 



Reason why we not hire tou
I firlmy believe there is no reason not to hire me, but if I have to provide one, I would say that my public speaking skills are not as strong as I would like them to be. 
However, I am continuously working to improve this weakness, and I can assure you that it will not be a hindrance to my personal growth or the company's progress.






